6/10/20 Agenda

Inclusion/Diversity: 

* We will have Nonye Madu (CHOP), Mahmud Iqbal (CHOP) and potentially Becky Fogerty (CHOP), Alonso South (CHOP), and/or Danielle Smalls-Perkins (MiR - check this link) join us to discuss ways in which R/Medicine can do things that are useful for promoting equity and more specifically, broaden participation of underrepresented minority groups at R/Medicine.
* Potentially useful initiatives include: (1) Broaden diversity of participation - remove barriers, outreach, prioritize workshop spots for PoC?; (2) Highlight work that stimulates discussion of health disparities and health consequences of inequality (even if not as polished as some other talks); (3) Discuss equity in predictive algorithms?

Review numbers

* Registrations - 135!
* Diversity - no numbers yet
* Abstracts (14 drafted in various stages, 5 complete)
* Revenue - $5K
* bit.ly click throughs

Platform:

* Dan was going to do a dry-run of Zoom and Crowdcast today, but didn’t happen.
* Need to discuss the user experience for registrants

Outreach:

* Review Outreach List
* This week’s tweet: Daniela Witten? Also mention 2 week deadline for abstract submissions.
* Reach out to your networks

Program:

* Themes: R in Clinical Practice; R in Clinical Research; R in Public Health and Health Disparities; Clinical Data Viz and Dashboards; New Analysis Approaches and Packages; Collaborative Clinical Research with R?
* Start reviewing abstracts and filling program
* Need list of participants so we can target invites to people who have already registered

Web site

Sponsorships/Partnerships:

* Stephan spoke to Procogia about promotion and sponsorship. They are interested in paying for our platform.
* AMIA and Clinical Informatics fellows and directors - Mara to explore how we can promote.
* MSACL - organizing a panel discussion 07/01 with Stephan, Joe, and Mike attending. Stephan will provide a list of questions to discuss. Stephan got Dan Holmes from MSACL to speak.
* AACC - agreed to endorse R/Medicine, sent feedback to AACC about their proposal, waiting for response
* Novartis - sponsorship letter sent, waiting for response.
* Biogen - Bob?
* Medidata - Steve?

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Minutes

Everyone: 

* Reach out to your networks and remind everyone of the 6/24 abstract deadline

Joe:

* Work with Dan to get access to a list of attendees ASAP
* Work with Dan to clarify event operations: how will registrations be transferred to the event platform (e.g. Crowdcast). Conference landing page? Emailing participants 2 weeks before the event? Etc. Probably need to have a longer discussion.
* Follow up with Robert Gentleman re: talk title

Mike:

* Send Daniela Witten’s abstract to Stephan 
* Try to dig up registrations from past 2 years 

Stephan:

* Follow up with AACC about collaboration 
* Compose a list of discussion questions for MSACL
* Follow up with Novartis re: sponsorship 
* Follow up about diversity/inclusion initiative/scholarship :white_check_mark:
* Tweet / FB / LI re: diversity initiative (next week? This week Daniela Witten?) 
Beth:
* Review submitted abstracts
* Nag authors to complete their submissions
* If we can get a list of registered attendees - review and see if there are folks we would like to invite to submit an abstract