07/29/20 Agenda

Review numbers:

* Registrations - 238!
* Promo campaigns: RMED20MIR, RMED20MSACL, ?REVO20IR, ?RMED20NPR
* Revenue
* bit.ly click throughs

Program:

* Program planning sheet → click here
* Plan for BOFs?
* Need titles for Keynotes, MSACL, AACC talks
* Need to finalize abstract decisions and inform authors

Platform / Logistics:

* Main track: CrowdCast (Procogia). Plan to do dry run ASAP.
* Short courses: Zoom (Yale? RStudio? Buy ourselves?). How are we dealing with cap of 50 people on Tidymodels course?
* BOFs: Zoom?

Inclusion/Diversity:

* Plan to re-engage MiR / R-Forwards in 1-2 weeks

Outreach:

* Need to engage each committee member’s networks. No one from Yale, 1 person from Mayo, no one from RStudio, 2 from Michigan. Stephan will share examples.
* This week’s tweet - highlight a contributed talk? Of someone with a large network? Or re-highlight tidymodels? Might not go over well if registrations capped

Web site: 

* Need to add sponsor logo for Procogia

Sponsorships/Partnerships: 

* R consortium: submitted grant, waiting for response
* Procogia: Daniella will support live event and Procogia will pay for CrowdCast. Need to put sponsor logo on website.
* AMIA and Clinical Informatics fellows and directors: Mara reached out. Results?
* AACC: panel discussion on 8/20, starting weekly calls for cross-promotion plans. Need abstract from Steve Master for 10min talk slot. Need to put sponsor logo on website.
* MSACL: Need abstract from Dan Holmes for 10min talk slot.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Everyone:

* Register!
* Outreach! Stephan will send examples of what he’s sent around at CHOP

Program Committee (Beth, Peter, Bob, Steve, Stephan):

* Select 6-9 BOFs and put them in the schedule
* Finalize abstract decisions and inform authors
* Register keynote speakers

Peter:

* Reach out to Ewen Harrison to ask for talk title, brief summary, speaker info

Joe:

* Follow up on RUGS grant
* Reach out to Robert Gentleman to ask for talk title, brief summary, speaker info

Brian:

* Add Procogia logo to website
* Send updated list of suggested BoFs to Beth, disable field on registration form
* Create Hugo site for R/Med 2020 program
* On Friday morning, send out another reminder to accept/reject speakers
* Once all slots are filled, send email to rejects
* Send CFP site data to Stephan

Stephan:

* Send sample promo materials I distributed at CHOP/Penn
* Get title/abstract/speaker info for Steve Master’s AACC talk and Patrick Mathias’ keynote
* Add program to empty R/Med 2020 program site
* Tweet - highlight contributed talks
* Set up weekly calls to discuss workshops (Alison Hill, Daniella, Amrom,
* Recruit TAs for workshops (#certified, CHQA)
* Work with Brian and Alison Hill to draft an email to get people to sign up for Tidymodels course

Daniella:

* Figure out how to transfer registrations from cvent.com to Crowdcast. Zapier?
* Help us find a Zoom plan to support workshops and BoFs.
* Run through crowdcast test

Mike:

* Reach out to registrants from past 2 years and ask them to spread the word about the conference and the conference deadline