08/05/20 Agenda

Review numbers:

* Registrations - 276!!
* Promo campaigns: RMED20MIR (9), RMEDCFP2020 (2)
* Revenue
* bit.ly click throughs

Program:

* Program planning sheet → click here
* Consider switching times based on time zone analysis (Stephan).
* Possible to add final program (minus late-breaking talks) onto main site, with new times?
* Plan for BOFs: 3 rooms, need to pick 9 from the list

Platform / Logistics:

* Main track: CrowdCast (Procogia). Review dry run (Daniella). Discuss transfer of registration data from cvent to CC
* BoFs: Zoom
* Short courses: Zoom. Stephan will run a series of planning meetings with instructors and TAs. More to follow.

Inclusion/Diversity:

* Plan to re-engage MiR / R-Forwards

Outreach:

* This week’s tweet - highlight one or more contributed talks?

Web site:

* Add final schedule

Sponsorships/Partnerships:

* consortium: received $1000 RUGS grant, need to forward to R/Med account
* Procogia: NTD
* AMIA and Clinical Informatics fellows and directors: Mara reached out. Results?
* AACC: panel discussion on 8/20, starting weekly calls for cross-promotion plans. Stephan is working on this.
* MSACL: NTD

----------------------------------------------------------------------

Everyone: 

* Register!

Beth:

* Add BoFs to the schedule
* Register keynote speakers
* Reach out to speakers with next steps (Brian might have a template) - including offering pre-recorded submission, LF first-time speaker course, what to expect at CrowdCast, deadlines for materials, etc

Joe: 

* Follow up on RUGS grant - deposit into R/Med account

Brian:

* Send CFP site data to Stephan as Excel data
* Expense Stephan for Zoom account
* Update microsite with schedule
* Send responses to “what workshop do you plan to attend?” questions to Stephan

Stephan:

* Send final schedule to Brian to update web site
* Coordinate with AACC re: promotional materials
* Follow up with Alison re: new time and recordings :white_check_mark:
* Tweet - highlight contributed talks? MiR?
* Run planning meeting for short courses. Figure out how to scale for 250+ people, utilize TAs to optimize troubleshooting ability (pull into troubleshooting rooms for 1:1 help??)
* Work with Brian and Alison Hill to draft an email to get people to sign up for Tidymodels course
* Figure out whether we can add on additional free Zoom rooms for additional BoFs and troubleshooting rooms?

Daniella:

* Figure out how to transfer registrations from cvent.com to Crowdcast. CSV import? Which data fields are supported?
* Run through crowdcast test: (1) register participants (Beth and me?), (2) progress between sessions; (3) CTA link to Zoom rooms (only 1 link possible, need this to forward to a list of links).