# R Consortium R Medicine Working Group Meeting: Date 2020/11/04

## Meeting information

**2020/11/04, 4pm EST**

* Zoom:

## Attendees

* Joe Rickert
* Beth Atkinson
* Denise Esserman
* Stephan Kadauke
* Peter Higgins
* Michael Kane
* Jaime Earnest (noumena@temple.edu)


## Agenda

1. Jaime Earnest - discuss interests/needs
2. View bookdown example: https://maraalexeev.github.io/R-medicine-bookdown/index.html
   1. Message Mara with your github username if you would like to get access to the repo
   2. Create an issue if you want something in the bookdown
   3. Which repo should this live?


## Minutes

Jaime talked about R usage in her work area in the federal government. R has security clearance and it is free - lots of opportunities.  She is looking for opportunities to network, especially within the federal government (siloing issues). Specific problems:

* May receive models (e.g. Covid19) that may not be seen as useful (not complex enough).  Having interactive component would be helpful. Modeller may not take into account policy issues.  Disconnect between policy makers and analysts/data professionals.

* Mix of skill sets and interest in using R, even though there is a lot of potential with Shiny and other R tools. 

* Trying to increase R converts.  Different audiences need different types of education

* How to communicate statistical models to non-statistical audiences?  Can R help?

* Is there a way for R/Medicine to help with these issues?  Could we create a work group that focuses more on policy?  Start small/connecting agencies who are already engaged.  

  + any educational offerings that might help?  Maybe 1/2 day workshop for target audience?  R/Medicine could help with outreach/infrastructure.  That might lead to identifying others for a workgroup. 
  + show/tell of how R/Shiny is helpful in other areas might be useful.  Problem based approach
  + example: https://viz.covid19forecasthub.org 
  + example: https://labblog.uofmhealth.org/industry-dx/real-time-overdose-tracking-helps-show-covid-19s-effects

