# R Consortium R Medicine Working Group Meeting: 2020/10/21

## Meeting information

**2020/10/21, 4pm EST**

* Zoom - contact committee chair for details

## Attendees

* Stephan Kadauke
* Beth Atkinson
* Denise Esserman
* Steve Schwager
* Joseph Rickert
* Peter Higgins
* Daniella Mark
* Michael Kane

## Minutes

**R/Pharma review**

* Hopin platform seemed similar to Crowdcast for the most part.  Missed up-voting questions.  Liked chat in Crowdcast better.  Also nice that you can re-play videos right away.
* Networking - didn't really work.
* Hopin can handle more people (>1000)
* For R/Medicine, Crowdcast (cheaper) is sufficient
* Peter mentioned that for a medical conference, had sponsor slots for 5 minute talks - here is who we are, main message, any questions?
* Invite some from R/Pharma to our next meeting (Nov 4, 4:00pm EST): Phil Bowsher and Harvey Lieberman to talk about possible collaboration.  Joe to send email.

**Workshops**

* How not to screw up with Excel and make your analyst happy
  + Encourage RedCap (2nd workshop on intro to R)
  + 3rd workshop - multicenter studies, integrate into R, ...
  + Zoom plus Rstudio/cloud?  90 minute for initial class?  Breakout rooms - recommendation is to use sparingly. Maybe as meet/greet and final group exercise?
  + Date - tentatively 4pm EST, December 9
  + Use Zoom account from R consortium. For zoom - meeting or webinar format?  Meeting format if you want break-out rooms. 
  + Daniella agreed to help DJ the workshop. Peter creating the workshop.
  + Do we want to have a relationship with the RedCAP consortium?  Maybe they can help with education?  Joe to write to Frank Harrell.  Peter to send a note to the generic RedCAP email address.
  + Other apps for getting feedback - slido, poll-everywhere (interacts with powerpoint), zoom polling
  
**R/Medicine Journal**

* So far we've had a handful of articles submitted to the R Journal (due Oct 31, 6-12 pages) based on their R/Medicine talk.
* Can we send out a general email to all presenters to remind them?  Michael will do that (may need to send 20 at a time to get around spam filters).

**Thank-you gives**

* Steve Schwager volunteered to get addresses for keynote speakers.  Beth to send him their email addresses.
* Beth to get paperweights ordered and sent out.

**Organization of R/Medicine**

* Create committee for education.  On website, create subtab for education.
* Should we start a new slack channel for general planning?  Have slack channels match the committees.
* Who is maintaining website?  Can we have a general R/Medicine website? Maybe in collaboration with R/Pharma?
* Committee for diversity/inclusion?
* Noticed that R/Pharma has "swag".  Can we create some for R/Medicine?  Daniella created it for R/Pharma so could create it for R/Medicine.  


**Next steps**

* Use slack channel to come up with agenda, discussion items for meeting with R/Pharma
  


