173 registrants

Everyone:

* Register using RMEDDC100 coupon code (100% off, don’t share!)
* Reach out to your networks and ask people to spread the word to others who might benefit/be interested.

Program Committee (Beth, Peter, Bob, Steve, Stephan):

* Review abstracts and rank 1-5

Joe/Brian:

* What are the BoF sessions people suggested in the registration?
* Contact registered participants about preference for workshop (one of: 101, 201, neither)
* How can Beth see the results of the abstract rankings?
* Questions about Hopin platform: PPTs supported (it appears so, but not in full screen mode)? Can we do speaker panels? If so, max # speakers on stage at the same time?
* (Colleen) - create budget for Hopin vs Meetingplay; circulate pre-recorded Hopin demo.
* Check with the Marketing team on R/Medicine sponsorship funds
* Follow up with Procogia re: paying for platform

Mike:

* Reach out to registrants from past 2 years and ask them to spread the word about the conference and the conference deadline

Stephan:

* Tweet / FB / LI - MSACL? MiR?
* Follow up with MiR - ready to retweet?
* Follow up with Novartis - new contact, contract, updates?
* Ask Alison about cap for tidymodels workshop (50?)
* Recruit TAs for workshops

Mara:

* Set up call with Samantha (R consortium) re: diversity/inclusion
* AMIA / Clinical Informatics outreach

Steve:

* Outreach to industry partners - draft email and circulate

Beth: 

* Advise program committee members on review process, including deadline
* Figure out how to review rankings from others
* Draft BoF sessions and think of discussion leaders
* Register keynote speakers