08/12/20 Agenda

Review numbers: 

* Registrations - 352!!
* Promo campaigns: RMED20MIR (12), RMEDCFP2020 (2), RMEDDC21 (20), RMED10MSACL (8)
* Revenue
* bit.ly click throughs

Program:

* Program planning sheet → click here
* Need to finalize program and update website ASAP
* Plan for BOFs: 5 rooms. Need to invite / assign moderators.

Talks:

* Daniella drafted speaker guidance
* Deadline for pre-recorded talks
* Workflow/script for bringing speakers online with CC - test run later today

Workshops:

* Need to assign/register participants to live workshops. Alison + Stephan working on email / Google forms survey, needs to be sent by R/Medicine
* After, need to send workshop login info to registered participants.
* Stephan and Alison working on surveys and emails

Platform / Logistics:

* Main track: CrowdCast (Procogia). Review dry run (Daniella). Discuss transfer of registration data from cvent to CC
* BoFs: Zoom, need 2 more licenses

Inclusion/Diversity:

* NTD

Outreach:

* NTD

Web site:

* Add final schedule

Sponsorships/Partnerships:

* R consortium: received $1000 RUGS grant, need to forward to R/Med account
* Procogia: NTD
* AMIA and Clinical Informatics fellows and directors: Mara reached out. Results?
* AACC: panel discussion on 8/20, starting weekly calls for cross-promotion plans. Stephan is working on this.
* MSACL: NTD

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Everyone:

* Register, if you haven’t yet.

Beth:

* Assign a moderator to each BoF
* Review speaker guidance and send out as soon as schedule is up on the website

Joe:

* Follow up on RUGS grant - deposit into R/Med account

Brian:

* Add another 50 folks to RMEDDC100 coupon code (speakers)
* Update Schedule at a Glance on the microsite
* Follow up with Events team about “Which workshop do you plan to attend” question. I can’t see anything in the report you sent to me.
* Expense Stephan for Zoom account

Stephan:

* Create final schedule and send to Brian and AACC :white_check_mark:
* Buy 2 more Zoom licenses and Zoom rooms
* Figure out how to run 5 Zoom rooms concurrently. Need to run VMs?
* Update TA roster
* Share draft pre/post workshop surveys with Alison
* Draft landing page for Intro to R workshop
* Work with Brian and Alison Hill to draft an email/survey for course sign ups
* Thursday workshop planning meeting
* Write troubleshooting script for TAs
* Set up RSP Training environment
* Create outline of Intro to R Workshop and meet with Amrom and Joe
* Submit rstudio::global abstract

Daniella:

* Invite everyone to tonight’s CrowdCast dry run
* Run through crowdcast test with group
* Draft slide deck template to show at the beginning of each talk
* Create checklist to ready speakers in the green room and introduce speakers to the audience
