# R Consortium R Medicine Working Group Meeting 

## Meeting information

**08/18/2021 5:00pm EST**

* Bluejeans

## Attendees

* Stephan Kadauke
* Brian Warner
* Mara Alexeev
* Denise Esserman
* Michael Kane
* Peter Higgins
* Beth Atkinson
* Steve Schwager
* Romi

## Minutes

### Planning for August meeting (August 24-25 workshops, August 26-27 conference)

### Review numbers

* Registrants: 439 (413 last year) - everyone please register!  Coupon code: RMED21COMP
* Days until conference: 6 !!!!

### Workshops

* Zoom rooms all set?
* Sign-ups (130 responses, so far, all courses have a reasonable number of people)
* https://drive.google.com/drive/u/0/folders/1fraZ4OqCiqc68R2qHDdnaiFvufrgpr63 
* Status? Send another blast Friday?
* Specific issues
  + Ask Ehsan if we can record for conference goers? Also, he’s asking for people to 
    have prereq’s that we can’t guarantee since the signups went out already.  
    Can we give him a list of signup of class participants?  Let's wait until 
    more people have signed up.
  + Got CME for Spatial workshop – tweet about this  (good pilot - want to advertise this for next year)

### Posters

* Submissions (so far) in Google Drive: 1
* SpatialChat rooms - presenters might want to edit their name to indicate that they are a presenter.  Also need to add this to "how to" document.  

### Talks

* Submissions (recordings) in Google Drive: 4
  + Remind folks of 8/30 deadline today
  + Send folks a link to the final calendar
* What to do with Christian’s spot? Extend break (ok if he let's us know a bit later)
* Moderator and BTS how-to guides (*Beth* working on this, to send to Stephan/Peter ASAP)
* Need to document how to enlarge recorded presentation in Crowdcast

### BoFs

* Rooms
  + Vanessa’s design – bigger? More features?
  + When can we try this out?
* Two are without hosts?
* BoF how-to guide

### Sponsors

* Tweet + post on LinkedIn
  + Appsilon(wasn't on initial tweet), RStudio, Novartis, Procogia
* Need to mention all sponsors in future communications (list alphabetical for now, 
may want to do by $ tier next year)
* Need Sponsor slide for breaks/opening/closing

### Diversity/Equity/Inclusion

* Any more DEI scholars? Brian to send Mara updated list.
* Can we get a report for POC registrations? (Brian to get summary to Stephan the day before the conference)
* What do we want to say about this in the opening part? Mara – a few words?

### Outreach/Promotion!

* Weekly tweet! This week?
* Can Hadley tweet about us? No - Joe to work on tweet from Rstudio

### Other stuff

* Stickers ordered! rainbow and this year's background.
* Connect cvent to CrowdCast with Zapier - *Brian* 
* Website updates
  + Final schedule - Stephan to work with Vanessa
  + Unanswered emails? Stephan to handle
    * Narayan – “website freezes”
    * Ally Hinton is asking about course sign-ups
    * Yonela asked a Q about access to workshops
    * Ross: need Google account to sign up for workshops
    * Jonelle: course sign ups

### Reminder of other information: 

* Website: https://r-medicine.org/

* 2021 How to Guide: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1nzV6Zh4jYMJmKDC4JIT8GARIVCB84QssT4zTHN9a7g4/edit
 
* Potential volunteers:
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1TpZzzvQLxDJwHUFzzjnA_RAE33dcuXy13qWfC4xZBg4/edit

* 2021 Schedule: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1InL_bX-URU43TwFIOCNfYtgnelXsahxHT-Kog0jsh9o/edit#gid=0

* Planning document: https://docs.google.com/document/d/154jruDvhaXwHFPO5AIbDQbCnd-_J0YYCAszOXH0TwbI/edit 

* 2020 Postmortem: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1mdTbWW1w0qQULMI3u6Iqote3HZCJMLY2SJSivGR93Rk/edit

* 2020 Playbook: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ntTtIsl9ZotIyJlfFA7eimbTjDT_aDXJv8kCaLU-GCw/edit

* 2020 Schedule: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Nxxa6YTB5pnd_zHdKFLvv3ci-Op66b9GtyhqHG3ACNA/edit#gid=0



