# R Consortium R Medicine Working Group Meeting 

## Meeting information

**7/21/2021 5:00pm EST**

* Bluejeans

## Attendees

* Stephan Kadauke
* Peter Higgins
* Beth Atkinson
* Steve Schwager
* Michael Kane
* Denise Esserman
* Joe Rickert
* Romi Admanit

## Minutes

### Planning for August meeting (August 24-25 workshops, August 26-27 conference)

### Twitter account back under our control!

### Review numbers

* Registrants: 192 - everyone please register!  Coupon code: RMED21COMP
* Abstracts: 67 total abstracts- 3 workshops, 32 lightning and 32 regular (have ~32 slots depending on ratio of the different types of talks)
  + New abstract review deadline for planning committee members, noon EST - July 23. 

### Program

* Reviewed [Program planning sheet]( https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1InL_bX-URU43TwFIOCNfYtgnelXsahxHT-Kog0jsh9o/edit#gid=0)
  + From last time - do we have enough breaks?  May need to give lightning talks 12 minute slots.  Will sort this out when abstracts finalized. 
  + Daniella working on Spatial Chat backgrounds for BoF.
  + BoF topics and leaders for each topic

* Abstracts - So we have 32 lightning and 32 regular submitted.
Blocking out time on the schedule, we have room for any of these combinations.  Some Regular could be changed to Lightning, too.
  + 16L & 16 R (accept 50% of each)
  + 8L (accept 25%) & 20R (accept 62.5%)
  + 24L (accept 2/3) & 12 R (accept 37.5%)
  + 32L (accept all) and 8R (reject 75%)
  
  -- we have 4 extra submissions from Appsilon that we also need to review
  
  -- when filling out abstract ratings, make sure to note if regular could be lightning or either could be a poster.

We want to add a few e-poster rooms in spatial chat (perhaps Tuesday/Wednesday nights?). We could put 4 e-posters per room/cluster.   https://blog.spatial.chat/online-poster-session-best-practices-spatial-chat/

* Denise noted that she will be on vacation during the conference with spotty internet.  Best not to assign her to any roles.


### Website

* Add diversity scholarship web form - Mara

## Platform / Logistics

* CrowdCast. Will sign up and start testing soon. Daniella set up an account (community@procogia.com) with a "hard" password. Need to start identifying moderators (Peter to look at volunteer list - Stephan, Peter, Joe, Mara, Romi). Beth/Mike/Daniella to be behind the scenes (BTS)
  + moderator + volunteer behind the scenes run through August 3rd
  + speaker test runs - August 12th and 18th
  + final BTS, moderator, any straggler speakers run through august 19th
  + additional ones as needed
* Short courses: Zoom (R consortium account). Will likely need more than one room but can set that up later. Stephan will let Brian know desired settings.
* BOFs: Spatial.chat. 
* we will use Zapier to move registrations from cvent to Crowdcast automatically (https://zapier.com/apps/crowdcast/integrations); 
  
* How to handle registration for workshops? Several presenters want to have limits on the number for workshops. Ranked choice or first come/first served? Need to be able to explain it to people who don't get in. Brian will see if it possible to update extra field for registration in cvent. Close down and notify people 1 week before the conference. There are 2 R Consortium Zoom sessions that we may be able to use (limit of 500 participants/room).  If we do add the form soon, then fewer people have to go back in and modify registration.

  + need to let 3 workshop submissions about our decision - yes to the first and no to the second (option to be a poster).  (*Steve*)
  + need to update the website with new workshop (*Stephan*)
  + need to let Brian know about updating the signup sheet (*Beth*)

* Peter to start organizing documents on how to moderate sessions, how to do behing the scenes Crowdcast, how to do BoF.

### Outreach/Promotion!

* Stephan to send out a tweet about keynote speaker
* RUGS Interview is up - https://www.r-consortium.org/blog/2021/06/29/stephan-kadauke-from-r-medicine-talks-to-r-consortium-about-racial-bias  Could Rstudio or Hadley tweet this? Joe to check on this (Hadley still on vacation).  
* Everyone should advertise internally. $10 signups for Mayo, Penn, CHOP, UMichigan, Cornell, Rstudio, Procogia, Yale and will send info to us (Brian has set this up, Stephan to send this out this week).

### Inclusion/Diversity

* Diversity scholarship. Need to integrate into web site and promote on Twitter! - Mara

### Sponsorships/Partnerships

* We got Appsilon to exhibit for $5K! Others?
* Novartis status?
* Engage AMIA?  Mara


### Reminder of other information: 

* Website: https://r-medicine.org/

* Potential volunteers:
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1TpZzzvQLxDJwHUFzzjnA_RAE33dcuXy13qWfC4xZBg4/edit

* 2021 Schedule: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1InL_bX-URU43TwFIOCNfYtgnelXsahxHT-Kog0jsh9o/edit#gid=0

* Planning document: https://docs.google.com/document/d/154jruDvhaXwHFPO5AIbDQbCnd-_J0YYCAszOXH0TwbI/edit 

* 2020 Postmortem: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1mdTbWW1w0qQULMI3u6Iqote3HZCJMLY2SJSivGR93Rk/edit

* 2020 Playbook: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ntTtIsl9ZotIyJlfFA7eimbTjDT_aDXJv8kCaLU-GCw/edit

* 2020 Schedule: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Nxxa6YTB5pnd_zHdKFLvv3ci-Op66b9GtyhqHG3ACNA/edit#gid=0

 


