# R Consortium R Medicine Working Group Meeting 

## Meeting information

**7/7/2021 5:00pm EST**

* Bluejeans

## Attendees

* Stephan Kadauke
* Peter Higgins
* Beth Atkinson
* Steve Schwager
* Michael Kane
* Denise Esserman
* Daniella Mark
* Joe Rickert

## Minutes

### Planning for August meeting (August 24-25 workshops, August 26-27 conference)

### Review numbers

* Registrants: 132 - everyone please register!  Coupon code: RMED21COMP
* Abstracts: 45 (have 32 slots)
  + New abstract deadline, July 12 and we are expecting more submissions.  Disable link Monday evening. 

### Program

* Reviewed [Program planning sheet]( https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1InL_bX-URU43TwFIOCNfYtgnelXsahxHT-Kog0jsh9o/edit#gid=0)
  + Do we have enough breaks?  May need to give lightning talks 12 minute slots.  Will sort this out when abstracts finalized. 
  + Need to identify BoF topics and leaders for each topic (reach out to external folks for this). Updated potential topics on schedule sheet.  How many rooms?  How does this work with SpatialChat? Want some areas for people to go off and chat.  Will have license 1 week ahead of conference to try out. Maybe 9 topics to rotate through the 3 timeslots?  Have 1 room for talking with speakers. Get hex stickers from accepted speakers. Daniella will look at available default backgrounds.

* Denise noted that she will be on vacation during the conference with spotty internet.  Best not to assign her to any roles.

* Joe to ask if JJ might be willing to talk about his new {quarto} package.

### Website

* Keynotes and workshops added
* Add diversity scholarship web form - Mara

## Platform / Logistics

* CrowdCast. Will sign up and start testing 7/15
* Short courses: Zoom (R consortium account?). Will likely need more than one room but can set that up later.
* BOFs: Spatial.chat. 
* Need to set up meeting with Brian to figure out (Joe to talk with Brian): 
  1. how to move registrations from cvent to Crowdcast automatically; 
  2. how to send emails to participants
  
* Do we need to create trainings for specific roles? E.g., Crowdcast BTS, moderating BoFs, TAing (we have those and can use as model)

* Stephan to talk with Brian about how to handle registration for workshops that is GDFR compliant.

* Peter to start organizing documents on how to moderate sessions, how to do behing the scenes Crowdcast, how to do BoF.

### Outreach/Promotion!

* RUGS Interview is up - https://www.r-consortium.org/blog/2021/06/29/stephan-kadauke-from-r-medicine-talks-to-r-consortium-about-racial-bias  Could Rstudio or Hadley tweet this? Joe to check on this.  
* Everyone should advertise internally. Stephan to organize $10 signups for Mayo, Penn, CHOP, UMichigan, Cornell, Rstudio, Procogia, Yale and will send info to us.
* Weekly tweet! Workshops/keynotes on web
* Engage R/Pharma - reach out to Phil Bowsher to give a talk?

### Inclusion/Diversity

* Diversity scholarship. Need to integrate into web site and promote on Twitter! - Mara

### Sponsorships/Partnerships

* LF handling Novartis sponsorship - Stephan to follow up
* Engage AMIA - Mara


### Reminder of other information: 

* Website: https://r-medicine.org/

* Potential volunteers:
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1TpZzzvQLxDJwHUFzzjnA_RAE33dcuXy13qWfC4xZBg4/edit

* 2021 Schedule: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1InL_bX-URU43TwFIOCNfYtgnelXsahxHT-Kog0jsh9o/edit#gid=0

* Planning document: https://docs.google.com/document/d/154jruDvhaXwHFPO5AIbDQbCnd-_J0YYCAszOXH0TwbI/edit 

* 2020 Postmortem: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1mdTbWW1w0qQULMI3u6Iqote3HZCJMLY2SJSivGR93Rk/edit

* 2020 Playbook: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ntTtIsl9ZotIyJlfFA7eimbTjDT_aDXJv8kCaLU-GCw/edit

* 2020 Schedule: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Nxxa6YTB5pnd_zHdKFLvv3ci-Op66b9GtyhqHG3ACNA/edit#gid=0

 


