# R Consortium R Medicine Working Group Meeting: Date

## Meeting information

**1/13/2021 4:00pm EST**

* Zoom:

## Attendees

* Beth Atkinson
* Denise Esserman
* Peter Higgins
* Joseph Rickert
* Michael Kane
* Bob Engle
* Steven Schwager
* Romi Admanit (Biogen)
* Stephan Kadauke
* Daniella Mark

## Minutes

Lots of working groups are interested in R/Medicine so we need to get more organized.

When do we want to have the next conference?  What format do we want to use?  Do we want to overlap at all with R/Pharma?
How are we distinct from R/Pharma?  We both do clinical trials, but we are more phase II/III vs their phase I.

Consensus is to keep it virtual this year.  Target around the same time at the end of August. Block August 24-27 (24-25 workshops).

How many keynotes do we want (and how long should the talks be)?  Instead of 60 minutes, let's keep them to 40 minutes.  Perhaps just 1 keynote/day?

Ideas for keynote speakers:

* Visualization? J. Murdoch
* Covid related? 
  + Ryan Tibshirani - Delphi group/CMU, Caroline Buckee - Harvard,  Nicholas Reich https://reichlab.io/research
  + Covid Qualitative Research - Dr. Marcella Nunez-Smith Yale
* FDA?
* Any international speakers?
  + Thomas Jaki "Designing Clinical Trials during a Pandemic" (UK)
* Amgen & Clinical Trials


Workshop ideas:

* building real-time dashboards
* Welcome to Wonderful Wednesdays https://www.psiweb.org/sigs-special-interest-groups/visualisation/welcome-to-wonderful-wednesdays
  + Can we do something like this, but more focused?
* REDCap?  Right now planning something March/April?
* Visualization
* Alison Hill agreed to do another presentation


Talks to invite:
* R tables
* Phil Bowsher to talk about R/Pharma
* Ethan Heinzen to talk about arsenal?
* ggpubr https://github.com/kassambara/ggpubr/ 
* ggthemeassist https://github.com/calligross/ggthemeassist

Sponsor:

* What would we want sponsors to help pay for?
* Pay for support behind the scenes?  
  + Will get some R/Consortium support.  
  + Platform costs?
  + Stickers
  
  
Next Steps:

* Sponsors
  + may want to better define costs first to help justify sponsorship
* Who will help with logistics?
* Identify keynote speakers, workshops
* Data challenge?  Messy color-coded Excel spreadsheet?
* RStudio conference - see how they do BoF



