# R Consortium R Medicine Working Group Meeting 

## Meeting information

**6/23/2021 5:00pm EST**

* Bluejeans

## Attendees

* Stephan Kadauke
* Joe Rickert
* Peter Higgins
* Beth Atkinson
* Steve Schwager
* Michael Kane
* Denise Esserman
* Mara Alexeev
* Daniella

## Minutes

### Planning for August meeting (August 24-25 workshops, August 26-27 conference)

## Review numbers

* Registrants: 87 - everyone please register!  Coupon code: RMED21COMP
* Abstracts: 9 (have 32 slots!)

## Program

* Reviewed [Program planning sheet]( https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1InL_bX-URU43TwFIOCNfYtgnelXsahxHT-Kog0jsh9o/edit#gid=0)

* Need to start recruiting speakers - maybe look at what other people are presenting at other conferences?
  + created list for committee members to reach out to (Stephan to distribute)
  + New abstract deadline, July 9

## Workshops

* 101: Ted Laderas + Dan Chen + Mara Alexeev (meeting tonight to discuss) 
* R^3 (R Markdown for Reproducible Research): Alison Hill. SK confirmed - will teach {quarto} (aka RMd 2.0!), workflow, environments, {binder}, {holepunch}.  SK created personas, discuss with Peter+Alison
* SAS2R Workshop - ProCogia, Joe Korszun August 24th 3pm EST!
* Excel -> R/REDcap: Peter to follow up with Will, Kenneth
* Spatial Health Data: Marynia Kolak 

## Conference Proceedings

* Option to create publications in the R Journal
* Beth drafted 2020 proceedings. Mike to let Di Cooke that this is coming. **Finalize at next week's meeting** (4-5 pages).  Everyone to review!! https://journal.r-project.org/archive/2020-2/erum.pdf is an example.

## Platform / Logistics

* Main track: CrowdCast. 
  + doesn't work well for hard of hearing, would like automatic captioning
  + Stephan will mention to CrowdCast afterwards that this would be a nice option.
* Short courses: Zoom (R consortium account?). Will likely need more than one room but can set that up later.
* BOFs: Spatial.chat. Create our own room? **Vanessa is happy to design a space - Daniela working on a draft.**  Have speakers with hex stickers send image to Vanessa so that people can 'chat' about it. 

## Outreach/Promotion!

* RUGS Interview - Joe to follow-up with James Anderson from R Consortium
* Weekly tweet! Stephan was having issues with Twitter access (see TweetDeck.  Mike to add Stephan)

Create meme using https://imgflip.com/i/5dj4zp (SK to add in SAS and R logos)

## Inclusion/Diversity

* Re-engage MiR, R/Ladies, R consortium diversity. Mara spoke with  
  Samantha for ideas: 
    + offer diversity scholarships, have people apply for scholarship (write a blurb).  Could also have other registrants agree to sponsor someone else. Work with Vanessa to modify website (add a link to send email if they could use a discount.  Mara will discuss with Brian and Vanessa).
    + Geographical diversity - easy to measure
    + Create slack channel around diversity
    + Does platform allow "audio only"?
    + Spatial Chat with moderator focused on diversity
    + Spatial Chat/BoF for different languages (spanish, french, chinese table)
    
## Sponsorships/Partnerships

* LF handling Novartis sponsorship. Updates?
* Biogen? **Romi to follow up**
* Re-engage AACC and MSACL ($10 tickets, offer cross-promotion?) **SK to follow up**
* Engage AMIA? **Mara?**


### Reminder of other information: 

* Website: https://r-medicine.org/

* Potential volunteers:
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1TpZzzvQLxDJwHUFzzjnA_RAE33dcuXy13qWfC4xZBg4/edit

* 2021 Schedule: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1InL_bX-URU43TwFIOCNfYtgnelXsahxHT-Kog0jsh9o/edit#gid=0

* Planning document: https://docs.google.com/document/d/154jruDvhaXwHFPO5AIbDQbCnd-_J0YYCAszOXH0TwbI/edit 

* 2020 Postmortem: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1mdTbWW1w0qQULMI3u6Iqote3HZCJMLY2SJSivGR93Rk/edit

* 2020 Playbook: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ntTtIsl9ZotIyJlfFA7eimbTjDT_aDXJv8kCaLU-GCw/edit

* 2020 Schedule: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Nxxa6YTB5pnd_zHdKFLvv3ci-Op66b9GtyhqHG3ACNA/edit#gid=0

 



