# R Consortium R Medicine Working Group Meeting 

## Meeting information

**7/21/2021 5:00pm EST**

* Bluejeans

## Attendees

* Stephan Kadauke
* Peter Higgins
* Beth Atkinson
* Steve Schwager
* Joe Rickert
* Romi Admanit
* Brian Warner
* Vanessa Paolantonio
* Daniella Marks

## Minutes

### Planning for August meeting (August 24-25 workshops, August 26-27 conference)

### Twitter account back under our control!

### Review numbers

* Registrants: 213 (238 last year) - everyone please register!  Coupon code: RMED21COMP

### Program

* https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1CJcH7vCw2nUcrQ_79LNfTPsE0rN-p-_afyO9hMOTutE/edit#gid=1732772506 R/Med 2021 abstract decisions
  + Need to get confirmation that people are ok with their slot (by Aug 6)
  + Need to give them deadline to send in videos (by Aug 20)
  + Should we give submitters free registration? Typically done.  Do we just reimburse after the fact?  What is easiest?  Steve will draft an email

* Reviewed [Program planning sheet]( https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1InL_bX-URU43TwFIOCNfYtgnelXsahxHT-Kog0jsh9o/edit#gid=0)

* pre-recorded videos - Stephan will copy from https://events.linuxfoundation.org/cdcon/program/speaker-guide/#lighting-webcam-and-microphone-best-practices and have Vanessa add that to our website
  + do we have a common location for people to load videos?  Check with Brian.

* From last time - do we have enough breaks?  May need to give lightning talks 12 minute slots.  Will sort this out when abstracts finalized. 

* Denise noted that she will be on vacation during the conference with spotty internet.  Best not to assign her to any roles.

### Volunteers

* Peter is working on voluteers - getting 30-40% acceptance

### Website

* Vanessa to add full schedule to the website including headshots (Stephan will help) - also fix workshop listings 

## Platform / Logistics

* Spatialchat - add hex stickers/chat with speakers in general room, plus 4 BoF
  + need to spell this out more for Vanessa to create
  + want hex stickers for talks - start conversation chain. Beth will start conversation.

### Outreach/Promotion!

* Stephan to send out a tweet about keynote speaker

### Inclusion/Diversity

* Diversity scholarship - 2 DEI submissions so far

### Sponsorships/Partnerships

* Status of Appsilon sponsorship? Done $5,000
* Status of Novartis sponsorship? Still waiting on a signature.  Asked for $10,000 but are waiting to see what we get


### Reminder of other information: 

* Website: https://r-medicine.org/

* Potential volunteers:
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1TpZzzvQLxDJwHUFzzjnA_RAE33dcuXy13qWfC4xZBg4/edit

* 2021 Schedule: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1InL_bX-URU43TwFIOCNfYtgnelXsahxHT-Kog0jsh9o/edit#gid=0

* Planning document: https://docs.google.com/document/d/154jruDvhaXwHFPO5AIbDQbCnd-_J0YYCAszOXH0TwbI/edit 

* 2020 Postmortem: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1mdTbWW1w0qQULMI3u6Iqote3HZCJMLY2SJSivGR93Rk/edit

* 2020 Playbook: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ntTtIsl9ZotIyJlfFA7eimbTjDT_aDXJv8kCaLU-GCw/edit

* 2020 Schedule: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Nxxa6YTB5pnd_zHdKFLvv3ci-Op66b9GtyhqHG3ACNA/edit#gid=0

 


