# R Consortium R Medicine Working Group Meeting 

## Meeting information

**08/11/2021 5:00pm EST**

* Bluejeans

## Attendees

* Stephan Kadauke
* Brian Warner
* Mara Alexeev
* Denise Esserman
* Michael Kane
* Peter Higgins
* Beth Atkinson
* Steve Schwager

## Minutes

### Planning for August meeting (August 24-25 workshops, August 26-27 conference)

### Review numbers

* Registrants: 334 (352 last year) - everyone please register!  Coupon code: RMED21COMP
* Volunteers: 26 (few more coming)
* Workshops: 6 (have 4 Zoom sessions set up; 2 unconfirmed) Make sure we schedule Zoom so that they are long enough.  Most are 3 hours - Alison may run long. 
* Talks:  36 (9 unconfirmed; fixed 4 speakers got wrong info about type of talk; 1 needs a different slot - we said no & Mara will handle; 1 respondent thinks they got a talk who really got a poster - will give her the talk slot)
* Posters: 25 (9 unconfirmed, 3 no)
* BOFs: 12 (in 3 sessions; 11 moderators unconfirmed)
* DEI scholars: 4

### Logistics

* Calendar
  + 8/12 Crowdcast run through (noon eastern)
  + 8/18 remind speakers to upload recordings and posters
  + 8/20 recordings and posters due
  + SpatialChat testing? (https://spatial.chat/s/rmed21test)
  + Speaker training(s)? Two on same day for different time zones
  + Workshop tech checks?
* Playbook - How to XXX - *Stephan, Beth, Peter* - have ready to present next Wednesday
  + How to help with spatial chat
  + How to moderate
  + How to do BTS behind the scenes
  + How to play pre-recorded videos
  + How to be a designated tweeter
* Zoom for Workshops - *Brian*
  + Need reservations for 2 more workshops, double check times
  + Do we have non-verbal feedback enabled?
  + Need to ask presenters to confirm their times; whether to cap attendees; whether they want their room set up in a certain way; whether they want a tech check; whether they are OK with recording and posting recording on R consortium channel
* Workshop registrations - *Brian*
  + Need to create sign-up form (Brian will create googleform - can cap)
  + Notify everyone who is already registered for the conference
  + How to deal with folks who are not yet registered?
  + Give preference to DEI, TAs, then 1st come 1st serve
* Spatial.Chat
  + Progress on room design? - *Daniella*
* Connect cvent to CrowdCast with Zapier - *Brian*

### Program

* https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1CJcH7vCw2nUcrQ_79LNfTPsE0rN-p-_afyO9hMOTutE/edit#gid=1732772506 R/Med 2021 abstract decisions
* Reviewed [Program planning sheet]( https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1InL_bX-URU43TwFIOCNfYtgnelXsahxHT-Kog0jsh9o/edit#gid=0)

* Workshop slots are only 3hrs but we told workshop leaders they have 3.5 hours? Alison can have longer. Others are ok.
* Four speakers received invitations for the incorrect type of talk. Fixed
* One speaker did not seem to notice that their talk was downgraded to a poster. Will give her a lightning talk.
* One speaker needs a different time slot (only can do 8/26 before 1 PM) - *Mara* will handle
* One speaker asked how to record a video for a poster / make it interactive. We state that we require a PDF. Could put a link to YouTube.
* Need to nag remaining unconfirmed presenters  *Peter to nag*
* People asking about video submissions - wanting to make sure the submissions worked - goes from Google Form to Google Drive  https://drive.google.com/drive/u/0/folders/1fraZ4OqCiqc68R2qHDdnaiFvufrgpr63 

### Website

* Schedule is up! Workshop times might need updating.
* Add Appsilon logo

### Diversity/Inclusion

* Can we get a report for POC registrations? Start as a conversation.
* DEI scholarship - better present as a small start, donâ€™t tokenize those who signed up. 

### Outreach/Promotion!

* Weekly tweet! This week? Full schedule, t minus two weeks?  Peter has been tweeting.
* RUGS Interview is up! https://www.r-consortium.org/blog/2021/06/29/stephan-kadauke-from-r-medicine-talks-to-r-consortium-about-racial-bias - get RStudio to promote R/Medicine?
* Everyone to promote internally - use RMED21XXXX coupons!
* RMed2020 paper is out! Coauthors, please share on socials and link to R/Med 2021. https://journal.r-project.org/archive/2021-1/rmed2020.pdf

### Sponsorships/Partnerships

* Appsilon came through - $5K
* Novartis promised $3.5K 
* *Stephan* to re-send invite note to RStudio, will also staff in SpatialChat

### Future planning

* Everyone agrees that having more support is necessary for future conferences (R consortium - events team). What project management resources are available?  What can we afford? May not need the full set of support. *Brian* is starting conversation about how R Consortium can help. What does hybrid look like - definitely more complex. Would be nice to add CME.

### Reminder of other information: 

* Website: https://r-medicine.org/

* Potential volunteers:
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1TpZzzvQLxDJwHUFzzjnA_RAE33dcuXy13qWfC4xZBg4/edit

* 2021 Schedule: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1InL_bX-URU43TwFIOCNfYtgnelXsahxHT-Kog0jsh9o/edit#gid=0

* Planning document: https://docs.google.com/document/d/154jruDvhaXwHFPO5AIbDQbCnd-_J0YYCAszOXH0TwbI/edit 

* 2020 Postmortem: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1mdTbWW1w0qQULMI3u6Iqote3HZCJMLY2SJSivGR93Rk/edit

* 2020 Playbook: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ntTtIsl9ZotIyJlfFA7eimbTjDT_aDXJv8kCaLU-GCw/edit

* 2020 Schedule: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Nxxa6YTB5pnd_zHdKFLvv3ci-Op66b9GtyhqHG3ACNA/edit#gid=0

 


