# R Consortium R Medicine Working Group Meeting: Date

## Meeting information

**2/24/2021 4:00pm EST**

* Zoom:

## Attendees

* Beth Atkinson
* Peter Higgins
* Steven Schwager
* Stephan Kadauke
* Joe Rickert
* Romi Admanit
* Michael Kane
* Denise Esserman

## Minutes

Short course on "best practices on using Excel for medical practices" - Peter Higgins taught yesterday - it went well. May be a workshop for R/Medicine conference.  

### Planning for August meeting (August 24th + 25th workshops, August 26th + 27th conference)

* John Chambers - Joe asked if would talk at the conference.  He was reticent to talk. We need to propose a talk for him, then he might participate.  Such as the role of open source software or reproducibility.  Joe will put some ideas in slack and will try again. 

* We need to start getting R consortium and Brian to help get things organized for registration and abstracts.  
  + what do we want for this year (want to minimize questions)?
  + can we encourage team talks?
  
* Workshops
  + what can Alison teach?  Stephan will reach out and discuss with her - what might she want to talk?
  + Rmarkdown for your manuscript - figures, tables, references (Citr), output to word, tiff, pdf, and multi panel with patchwork
  + Possibly dataviz in R with Kieran Healy and/or Claus Wilke
  + Ted Laderas for Intro to R for Medical Data
  + Something with Frank Harrell?

Could R consortium do something with REDCap?  Could it host REDCap for smaller entities?

Might be willing to help further connections of R and 
* Will Beasley (REDCapR) at Oklahoma email <whb4@ou.edu> 
* macleankaca@gmail.com - Kenneth MacLean - made the collaboratoR package


Reminder of other information: 

* Stephan found list of people interested in volunteering for the conference
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1TpZzzvQLxDJwHUFzzjnA_RAE33dcuXy13qWfC4xZBg4/edit

* Planning document: https://docs.google.com/document/d/154jruDvhaXwHFPO5AIbDQbCnd-_J0YYCAszOXH0TwbI/edit 

* Stephan to contact potential volunteers
* Need to understand support from R Consortium
* Do we need sponsors?  Costs include Crowdcast(maybe progeria), maybe Spatialchat (maybe rstudio)?  
* Different tasks:
  + Venue
  + Website
  + Social media
  + Fundraising
  + Accounting
  + Publication
  + Program
  + Birds of a Feather coordinator?
* Streamline registration/CFP questions - didn't use all the info
  
  
### Next steps: 

* program chair (Peter volunteered)
* identify workshops
* identify keynotes: Denise to talk with Dr. Marcella Nunez-Smith, Joe will talk with John Chambers
* Stephan to contact potential volunteers
  + Need to get website going









