# R Consortium R Medicine Working Group Meeting: Date

## Meeting information

**3/24/2021 5:00pm EST**

* Microsoft Teams

## Attendees

* Beth Atkinson
* Stephan Kadauke
* Joe Rickert
* Denise Esserman
* Stephan Schwager

## Minutes

### Planning for August meeting (August 24th + 25th workshops, August 26th + 27th conference)

### Funding
 
 * Novartis - Stephan reported that we may get up to $10,000 sponsorship for the conference.  We are in a good position because we had such a high attendance last year.  Linux Foundation can handle the money - need to talk with Brian about logistics.
 * Also have $1700 from last year in our funds
  
### Website

* Would like to build a nicer website with some of the funding. Contact of Stephan - Vanessa - web designer and wrote a statement of work. By April 1, will create a wireframe - downside is that it would be with react.js.  What all is included?  Estimate is $5,000.  Will help build her portfolio, hence the lower cost. Example websites. 

  + https://vanessapaolantonio.co
  + https://lytyoga.com
  
  
### Keynotes:

* Karandeep Singh agreed
* Still waiting to hear from Dr. Marcella Nunez-Smith
* Other Alison Hill - COVID Data Forum - maybe?  Want to leverage what we learned about COVID for the next hot topic.  Not just "here is where we are with COVID".
* Does anyone know Nicholas Reich?  

### Workshops

* Do we want to do a workshop on Excel and R (Peter)?
* Can we figure out how to do a REDCap workshop?  Several people at Mayo have questions and would like to engage with REDCap R package developers on potential updates.  Can we help with that?

### Meeting frequency:

* for now, still work for every 2 weeks
* Doodle to see if there is a better day for everyone?

### Emails:

* make sure we aren't using Steven's Medidata email and are using his personal email

### Next steps: 

* **Stephan** will send out Vanessa's statement of work to review. Everyone needs to send back comments by Friday.
* Can we go back to Zoom for meetings?
* Is Procogia willing to pay for the platform again? Check with **Daniella**
* identify keynotes: **Denise** to talk with Dr. Marcella Nunez-Smith, **Peter** will ask Caroline Buckhee or Nicholas Reich.
* Need to establish timeline for website - **Beth** to look up what we did last year and distribute
* Need to review themes - **Beth** to distribute what we did last year
* **Stephan** will contact Alison Hill regarding workshop ideas
* **Stephan** will create private Slack channel to start more discussions
* **Stephan** will create doodle poll for meeting times.

### Reminder of other information: 

* Stephan found list of people interested in volunteering for the conference
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1TpZzzvQLxDJwHUFzzjnA_RAE33dcuXy13qWfC4xZBg4/edit

* Planning document: https://docs.google.com/document/d/154jruDvhaXwHFPO5AIbDQbCnd-_J0YYCAszOXH0TwbI/edit 






