# R Consortium R Medicine Working Group Meeting: Date

## Meeting information

**5/12/2021 5:00pm EST**

* Bluejeans

## Attendees

* Beth Atkinson
* Stephan Kadauke
* Joe Rickert
* Denise Esserman
* Peter Higgins
* Romi Admanit
* Daniella Marks
* Mara Alexeev
* Steve Schwager

## Minutes

### Planning for August meeting (August 24th + 25th workshops, August 26th + 27th conference)

### Volunteers

* Would like 6 to help run the mechanics

  + Shannon Haggerty - maybe help run the meeting?
  + Mara Alexeev - willing to help 

* Would like 6 to moderate (some from committees)

* Workshops

Have 3 workshops that are ready. Ted Ladaras might be willing to help teach an intro class. Maybe Mara might tag-team with him (be secondary). Stephan to discuss with him.

Stephan to talk with Alison about workshop ideas - tidymodels?

Daniella also volunteered her team to help (reproducibility in r workshop OR sas/matlab to R workshop OR intro to shiny)

Reproducibility in R - maybe a workshop for next year?  Think FDA submission with all code/data/programs/environment/version of R

12 TA's per workshop?  Beth, Stephan offered some TAs. Give TAs free admission?

Cap number per workshop (60?)  Get agreement from workshop leaders.

### Costs

Stephan asking for permission to get sponsorship.  Should be ok with overall costs if we get sponsorship. Novartis - Linux Foundation legal team reviewing.  Joe willing to help coordinate. We don't need the money this week, but when?

### BoF

Spatialchat or Zoom?  We'd like to do more research to figure this out.  How do we make the experience seamless?  Joe to talk with RStudio marketing team - how did they make it run for RStudio Conf?  Can we import names from registration?

Daniella initiating talks with CrowdCast for more details.  Expecting at least 500 attendees.

Previous topics:
a. R/Medicine Ladies (10)
b. Clinical Predictive Modeling and Decision Support (17)
c. Shiny and Dashboards (7)
d. Virtual Happy Hour (12)
f. Minorities in R/Medicine 
g. Reproducible Research, Reproducible Workflows
i. Geospatial Mapping

Other ideas:
* How do you discuss R support with your leadership?
* Physicians with R?
* Focus around keynote speakers, workshop leaders
* Anything for sponsors? Do they have jobs they want to promote?

How many BoF do we want?  Last year we had 3 time slots.

### Website launch/social media

What needed to release new website?  Tweets ready to go.  Brian noted some requirements - including collecting registration.  Does linux foundation have a stripe account? Last year we used tool from the Linux Foundation - felt that it was restrictive.

* Fields for abstract submission ready - streamlined from last year.
* Staging site will be distributed soon for review. 
* Target launch date - website release plus open for abstracts: May 24
* Start doing weekly tweets - distribute work
* Also make schedule and assign specific sessions 
* Also want tweeters during the conference (sign on the R/Med account)

* Does code of conduct state that we can't take screenshots of talks?  Maybe ask if someone doesn't want their talk shared.

### Contact previous attendees

* Can we send out 1 email to last year's attendees about this year's conference and be ok with GDPR?

### Reminder of other information: 

* Potential volunteers:
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1TpZzzvQLxDJwHUFzzjnA_RAE33dcuXy13qWfC4xZBg4/edit

* 2021 Schedule: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1InL_bX-URU43TwFIOCNfYtgnelXsahxHT-Kog0jsh9o/edit#gid=0

* Planning document: https://docs.google.com/document/d/154jruDvhaXwHFPO5AIbDQbCnd-_J0YYCAszOXH0TwbI/edit 

* 2020 Postmortem: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1mdTbWW1w0qQULMI3u6Iqote3HZCJMLY2SJSivGR93Rk/edit

* 2020 Playbook: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ntTtIsl9ZotIyJlfFA7eimbTjDT_aDXJv8kCaLU-GCw/edit

* 2020 Schedule: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Nxxa6YTB5pnd_zHdKFLvv3ci-Op66b9GtyhqHG3ACNA/edit#gid=0

 



