# R Consortium R Medicine Working Group Meeting: Date

## Meeting information

**474/2021 4:00pm EST**

* Microsoft Teams

## Attendees

* Beth Atkinson
* Stephan Kadauke
* Joe Rickert
* Denise Esserman
* Stephan Schwager
* Peter Higgins
* Romi Admanit
* Daniella Marks

## Minutes

### Planning for August meeting (August 24th + 25th workshops, August 26th + 27th conference)

### Funding
 
 * Novartis - Stephan reported that we may get up to $10,000 sponsorship for the conference.  We are in a good position because we had such a high attendance last year.  Linux Foundation can handle the money - need to talk with Brian about logistics.
 * Also have $1700 from last year in our funds
  
### Website

* Would like to build a nicer website with some of the funding. Contact of Stephan - Vanessa - web designer and wrote a statement of work. By April 1, will create a wireframe - downside is that it would be with react.js.  What all is included?  Estimate is $5,000.  Will help build her portfolio, hence the lower cost. Example websites. 

  + https://vanessapaolantonio.co
  + https://lytyoga.com
  
  
### Keynotes:

* Karandeep Singh agreed
* Does anyone know Nicholas Reich? Peter will invite. 
* Still waiting to hear from Dr. Marcella Nunez-Smith - still no response

### Workshops

* Do we want to do a workshop on Excel and R (Peter)?

* Can we figure out how to do a REDCap workshop?  Several people at Mayo have questions and would like to engage with REDCap R package developers on potential updates.  Peter mentioned that the 2 developers of the main R packages are willing to help.  Peter and Stephan will talk with them to better define.

* Something by Alison Hill?

* Visualization workshop? https://kieranhealy.org/blog/archives/2020/02/18/dataviz-workshop-at-rstudioconf/

* big p little n in machine learning, nested cross-validation.  Would Max be willing to do a workshop?  Would he need a translator? Would Alison help?

### Other talks or workshops

* Marcus Adams - FDA, pushing out production tools in medical environment (fireside chat?).  Taking R beyond research into production - issues. 

* Anything on longitudinal data

* Functional data analysis?  http://stat.cornell.edu/people/faculty/giles-hooker - Steven knows him, fda package


### Meeting frequency:

* for now, still work for every 2 weeks
* Please fill out poll to see if there is a better time: https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdymFZYNKlFUXHtBsi02dk6gueWBVbq87lXQ2oII31RklTUlg/viewform 

* Want to start engaging with others who said they were interested in helping with the workshop

### Emails:

* make sure we aren't using Steven's Medidata email and are using his personal email [steven.schwager@cornell.edu]

### Next steps: 

* Is Procogia willing to pay for the platform again? Check with **Daniella**
* identify keynotes: **Denise** will check with Dr. Marcella Nunez-Smith, **Peter** will ask Caroline Buckhee (Harvard epidemiologist) or  Nicholas Reich.
* Need to establish timeline for website - **Beth** to look up what we did last year and distribute
* Need to review themes - **Beth** to distribute what we did last year
* **Stephan** will contact Alison Hill regarding workshop ideas
* **Stephan** will bug Novartis about sponsorship
* Diversity - Mara to talk with them?  Invite Samantha/others to the next meeting once we have a new time.  What would we like to see at the meeting?


### Reminder of other information: 

* Stephan found list of people interested in volunteering for the conference
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1TpZzzvQLxDJwHUFzzjnA_RAE33dcuXy13qWfC4xZBg4/edit

* Planning document: https://docs.google.com/document/d/154jruDvhaXwHFPO5AIbDQbCnd-_J0YYCAszOXH0TwbI/edit 






