# R Consortium R Medicine Working Group Meeting: Date

## Meeting information

**5/26/2021 5:00pm EST**

* Bluejeans

## Attendees

* Beth Atkinson
* Stephan Kadauke
* Joe Rickert
* Daniella
* Denise Esserman
* Peter Higgins
* Steve Schwager
* Romi Admanit

## Minutes

### Planning for August meeting (August 24-25 workshops, August 26-27 conference)

### Program

- Reviewed [Program planning sheet]( https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1InL_bX-URU43TwFIOCNfYtgnelXsahxHT-Kog0jsh9o/edit#gid=0)
 
### Workshops

- 101: Intro to R  Ted Laderas + Shannon Hagerty + Dan Chen + Mara Alexeev. **Stephan to check on preferred start time**
- R^3 (R Markdown for Reproducible Research): Alison Hill **Stephan to continue discussions with her**.  Target on people who already know some R markdown.
- Clinical Trial Data Management with Excel -> REDcap: Peter Higgins, Will Beasley
- Marynia Kolak: Spatial analysis of health data
- Procogia: SAS2R 3-hour session, Daniella confirmed afternoon on 24th
- {pointblank}: Rich Iannone? **Stephan to followup - ready for primetime?**
 How does this differ from assertr, validate, dataMaid packages?
 https://github.com/rich-iannone/pointblank 
- How to handle capping workshops?
Do we limit the number of workshops that someone can attend?  Need to go through the Linux Foundation to collect workshop registrations because of GDPR (privacy).

blurb for website: 

Registration includes full access to the live conference as well as recordings of talks and workshops which will be made available as soon as possible after the conference. Unfortunately, we cannot guarantee live participation in workshops as seats are limited. Workshop registrations will be sent to registered conference participants prior to the conference. Early registration will increase your chance to be selected for a seat. Please note that ALL participants will receive access to all workshop materials including recordings of workshops, where allowed. 


### Platform / Logistics

* Main track: CrowdCast. Need to sign up for testing.  Will do 2 months (July 15 - Sept 15)
* Short courses: Zoom (R consortium account?). Will likely need more than one room.  Can wait a bit.
* BOFs: Spatial.chat. Attend public demo event to learn more about its capabilities. Daniella sent demo invite to Stephan

### Web site

* Staging site live at https://staging.r-medicine.org - needs Twitter/Social card and a few additional tweaks. Planned to go live tomorrow.
  + check with Vanessa for hi-res version of graphics
* Need 1-2 volunteers as personal point of contact. Would be good to have someone's name instead of a generic if someone has an issue they want to report. **Joe and Daniella volunteered.** 
* Registration via cvent is live **Everyone needs to register**
  + sign-up for workshops will happen closer to conference
* Abstracts via main web site are functional on staging
  + We will need to create our own review process (not using same system as last year). **Peter will need to think about how to do this (can download data early to test process)** 

### Outreach/Promotion!

* Weekly tweet! This week: live site, cheap reg, awesome keynotes and workshops

### Monitoring

* Need to come up with a plan that will allow us to monitor registrations (LF to provide reports?). **Joe - check on getting standard report for each Wed meeting?**
* Need to figure out a way to review abstract submissions (Vanessa can provide access)

### Inclusion/Diversity

* Re-engage MiR, R/Ladies, R consortium diversity. What can we do that can make a difference?

### Sponsorships/Partnerships

* Annoying but important for longevity of the conference, especially if we're heading back to in-person next year. 
* Still waiting on LF to create process for accepting $. Then should engage Novartis and others (Peter posted a long list a while back).  **Joe to check with Brian about this** Each sponsor could have a virtual “table” on spatial.chat
* Biogen? **Romi to check on this.  Stephan to send blurb to Romi**
* Procogia: Crowdcast
* Re-engage AACC and MSACL ($10 tickets, offer cross-promotion)
* Engage AMIA? **Stephan to talk with Mara**

### Reminder of other information: 

* Website: https://r-medicine-2021.netlify.app/

* Potential volunteers:
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1TpZzzvQLxDJwHUFzzjnA_RAE33dcuXy13qWfC4xZBg4/edit

* 2021 Schedule: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1InL_bX-URU43TwFIOCNfYtgnelXsahxHT-Kog0jsh9o/edit#gid=0

* Planning document: https://docs.google.com/document/d/154jruDvhaXwHFPO5AIbDQbCnd-_J0YYCAszOXH0TwbI/edit 

* 2020 Postmortem: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1mdTbWW1w0qQULMI3u6Iqote3HZCJMLY2SJSivGR93Rk/edit

* 2020 Playbook: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ntTtIsl9ZotIyJlfFA7eimbTjDT_aDXJv8kCaLU-GCw/edit

* 2020 Schedule: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Nxxa6YTB5pnd_zHdKFLvv3ci-Op66b9GtyhqHG3ACNA/edit#gid=0

 



